Specify which types are allowed as values for 'key' of 'v-for' (#1900)
vuejs/vuejs.org: src/v2/guide/list.md

This default mode is efficient, but only suitable **when your list render output does not rely on child component state or temporary DOM state (e.g. form input values)**.

> To give Vue a hint so that it can track each node's identity, and thus reuse and reorder existing elements, you need to provide a unique `key` attribute for each item. An ideal value for `key` would be the unique id of each item, also avoid using non-primitive values as key, use string/number value instead. This special attribute is a rough equivalent to `track-by` in 1.x, but it works like an attribute, so you need to use `v-bind` to bind it to dynamic values (using shorthand here):

Reviewer: The added text feels pretty out of place. I'd suggest adding a `p.note` at the end of the section instead.

Author: @phanan Good point, but did you mean `p.tip`? I've updated this PR.

Since it's a generic mechanism for Vue to identify nodes, the `key` also has other uses that are not specifically tied to `v-for`, as we will see later in the guide.

> <p class="tip">Avoid using non-primitive values as key, use string/number value instead.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="tip">Don't use non-primitive values like objects and arrays as `v-for` keys. Use string or number values instead.</p>
```

I know the message is taken directly from Vue's warning, but for a documentation purpose, it doesn't need to be that brief ;)

> <p class="tip">Don't use non-primitive values like objects and arrays as `v-for` keys. Use string or numeric values instead</p>

Reviewer: You miss a punctuation here :)

Reviewer 2: @phanan Fixed, sorry. :man_facepalming:

Author: @phanan Fixed, sorry. :man_facepalming:
